HTML meta tags
https://www.dofactory.com/html/metatags

Semantic elements
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/semantic-html5-elements/

Simple bare bones HTML webpage
https://www.instructables.com/Bare-Bones-Web-Page/

HTML5/CSS bare-bones newsletter template
https://www.vandelaydesign.com/newsletter-tutorial/

Add open graph social metadata- Twitter
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-add-twitter-card-and-open-graph-social-metadata-to-your-webpage-with-html

Essential meta tags for social media
https://css-tricks.com/essential-meta-tags-social-media/

The meta element
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meta

Open graph protocol
https://ogp.me/

Using open graph protocol on website
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-is-open-graph-and-how-can-i-use-it-for-my-website/

Meta OGP guide for webmasters
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/sharing/webmasters/z

Bootstrap with HTML
https://www.bootstrapdash.com/blog/use-bootstrap-with-html

Bootstrap Layout Examples
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/examples/

Client-side validation of forms with HTML5
https://www.sitepoint.com/client-side-form-validation-html5/

<input> tag in HTML
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input

Form validation examples
https://www.the-art-of-web.com/html/html5-form-validation/

Input type: Radio buttons
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio

Why does your website look different in different browsers?
https://www.webfx.com/web-design/learn/why-does-your-website-look-different-in-different-browsers/

HTML Form submission â€“ sending form data
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Forms/Sending_and_retrieving_form_data

Every Way Possible To Embed Modern Media With HTML Code
https://html.com/media/

Choosing the Correct Embed Code
https://studio.support.brightcove.com/publish/choosing-correct-embed-code.html

Images in HTML
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML

Iframes in HTML
https://www.educba.com/iframes-in-html/

HTML5 Canvas
https://www.tutorialrepublic.com/html-tutorial/html5-canvas.php

HTML Living Standard 
https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/media.html

Broad overview of layouts in CSS
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout

Detailed overview of flexboxes
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

Detailed overview of grids (1)
https://learncssgrid.com/

Detailed overview of grids (2)
https://web.dev/learn/css/grid/

Viewports in CSS
https://www.educba.com/css-viewport/

Grid layout applications
https://1stwebdesigner.com/fascinating-css-grid-layout-examples-and-tutorials/

Overview of different layouts
https://csslayout.io/

Commonly used selectors
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/10-css-selectors-every-developer-should-know/

Combinator selectors
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Combinators

Comprehensive list of selectors
https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_selectors.asp

Comprehensive list of pseudo-classes
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes

Comprehensive list of pseudo-elements
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements

Transform and transition property
https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/css-transforms-and-transitions-property/

Detailed information about animation
https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_animations.asp

Detailed information about @keyframes
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@keyframes

More advanced examples for adding text effects (1)
https://uicookies.com/css-text-effects/

More advanced examples for adding text effects (2)
https://freefrontend.com/css-typing-text/

More advanced examples for adding text effects (3)
https://dev.to/kiranrajvjd/simple-text-effects-using-css-3dgp

Types of effects added to websites (1)
https://www.opendesignsin.com/blog/10-web-design-effects-to-enhance-your-website/

Types of effects added to websites (2)
https://goingclear.com/website-effects/

Collection of examples using HTML/CSS
https://freefrontend.com/css-animation-examples/

Website to check for browser-compatibility
https://caniuse.com/

Official website for Stylelint
https://stylelint.io/

Widely used linter website to check CSS code
http://csslint.net/

CSS Validator to check accuracy of CSS code
https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/

Dealing with specificity issues
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-tackle-css-specificity-issues-and-when-to-use-the-important-keyword-b54123995e1a/

Beginner errors made in CSS
https://www.sitepoint.com/study-errors-beginners-make-learning-html-css/

Knowledge-based mistakes to avoid in CSS
https://www.webfx.com/blog/web-design/12-common-css-mistakes-web-developers-make/

How to use Webkit in your CSS code
https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/css-tutorial/webkit-css

Commonly-occurring browser issues in CSS
https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/top-5-browser-compatibility-issues-in-css-for-developers-in-2021/
